Added proc for setting resources on UO (#1554)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/book/proc-user-operator-with-resource-requests-limits.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// assembly-deploying-the-user-operator.adoc

[id='proc-user-operator-with-resource-requests-limits-{context}']
= Configuring the User Operator with resource requests and limits

.Prerequisites

* A running Cluster Operator

.Procedure

. Edit the `Kafka` resource specifying in the `Kafka.spec.entityOperator.userOperator.resources` property the resource requests and limits you want the User Operator to have.
+
[source,yaml,subs=attributes+]
----
apiVersion: {KafkaApiVersion}
kind: Kafka
spec:
  # kafka and zookeeper sections...

>   userOperator:

Reviewer: You should add the `entityOperator` here.

Author: Agree. I will change the proc for the topic Operator as well then.

Reviewer: You should check the context for the TopicOperator - It would be correct like this for TO if you use the deprecated TO outside of EO. So maybe you would need to change it on more places there.

Author: The procedure is used only for the TO inside the EO (not with the deprecated one)

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// assembly-deploying-the-user-operator.adoc

[id='proc-user-operator-with-resource-requests-limits-{context}']
= Configuring the User Operator with resource requests and limits

.Prerequisites

* A running Cluster Operator

.Procedure

> 

Reviewer 2: _Please begin the procedure with the following step._
1. Update the Kafka cluster configuration in an editor, as required:
 On Kubernetes, use:
 `kubectl edit kafka my-cluster`
 On OpenShift, use:
`oc edit kafka my-cluster`

_Put `my-cluster` in italics._

Reviewer 2: ^ This is reused from @PaulRMellor 's recent enhancements to the upgrade chapter. I think we should adopt it throughout the documentation.

> . Edit the `Kafka` resource specifying in the `Kafka.spec.entityOperator.userOperator.resources` property the resource requests and limits you want the User Operator to have.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the `spec.entityOperator.userOperator.resources` property in the `Kafka` resource, set the resource requests and limits for the User Operator.
```

+
[source,yaml,subs=attributes+]
----
apiVersion: {KafkaApiVersion}
kind: Kafka
spec:
  # kafka and zookeeper sections...
  entityOperator:
    userOperator:
      resources:
        request:
          cpu: "1"
          memory: 500Mi
        limit:
          cpu: "1"
          memory: 500Mi
----

> . Create or update the `Kafka` resource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Apply the new configuration to create or update the resource.
```

+
ifdef::Kubernetes[]

> On {KubernetesName} this can be done using `kubectl apply`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On {KubernetesName}, use `kubectl apply`:
```

[source,shell,subs=+quotes]

> kubectl apply -f _your-file_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
kubectl apply -f _kafka.yaml_
```

Reviewer 2: Based on user feedback that the "your_file" replaceable was confusing.

+
endif::Kubernetes[]

> On {OpenShiftName} this can be done using `oc apply`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On {OpenShiftName}, use `oc apply`:
```

+
[source,shell,subs=+quotes]

> oc apply -f _your-file_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
oc apply -f _kafka.yaml_
```

.Additional resources

> * For more information about the schema of the resources object, see xref:type-ResourceRequirements-reference[].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* For more information about the schema of the `resources` object, see xref:type-ResourceRequirements-reference[].
```
